Now it's time to use two factor authentication on the frontend.
So the first change that I will do either will create a new folder.
Logging, because now the logging will be a complicated, uh, component.
So I'll move, uh, logging that view here and, uh, make sure to also make this change, uh, in the
order.
India now split the logging component into, uh, multiple components.
So the first change is old cut.
Uh, the code here.
Or create a new view component or call it login form.
And I'll be the same called there.
So why did I make this change?
I'll explain it to.
When I make all the changes.
Sold copy also for the set up and the old biscuit.
Here.
We need the data to be reactive.
That is correct.
But we don't need the the rotor.
We need action.
But no, when we log in, we will not get the bear token.
So this will change.
So remove both the token and the redirect.
And, uh, for the moment, we want to use this component like this.
Log in form.
Don't forget also to import the log in form here and the components here.
No, this data reactive should be added in that component.
And also this submit functions should not belong here.
We still need the router, but we are not using it yet.
So what do we do now?
In this, uh, component, we will get the.
The logging data from this request and we will pass it to the indicator form which will create it in
the next tutorial.
So what I will do right now is either this emits and this will limit some logging data.
Which is needed on the other component.
And in the set up here, we need the props.
So I will change this to TypeScript.
So length does here.
And for TypeScript we need to cast it.
I will cast the properties any.
And the second parameter is context.
Set up context in both set up context from view.
So why do we need these two values?
So we don't need the props.
Actually, we need just the context, because when we log in, we will use context, emit logging data,
the value that we emit and the value will be response or actually the constructed directly data or not.
I will not deconstructed because the data is this variable.
So we will emit response that data
and await here.
So, uh, we will get the information from this request.
We will emit it.
And in our log in here we will get the, the log in data like this.
And for the moment, I will just consult, log the value that we get from logging data.
So we'll pass the event here.
So the event is of the data that we sent in this image here.
So let's try it out.
Let's inspect.
Let's see the console and I will try.
Be it be dot com.
Be here signing.
And, uh, we actually get, uh.
An invited credential.
So that is my bed.
I forgot that we change the password here.
One, two, three, four.
Signing.
We got the correct information and we should, uh.
Uh.
Maybe this console.log is not working, then I probably need the function here.
That I will console.log now.
So the data is here and I'll just console.log it.
And I'll return the function log in data like this and we will get it here.
So this for sure it will work.
Let's try it again.
Be it b dot com.
One, two, three, four.
And we got a response.
So this is the event from the logging form and we got it in this form.
So right now we haven't done much.
We will see why we need this in the next material.
When we create the authenticator form.